hey guys so here we are in Halifax Nova
Scotia about to give away in Medicare
this is Jamie hard at work at our mom's
hair salon Jamie goes to high school and
she's very artistic and she wrote the to
be willing to put on a very special
public performance but we're gonna turn
it up a notch today
are you Jamie
hi are you ready to our contest saying
that you would do something to win a
pair of fabulous boots I said I would
dance on a busy street corner in
downtown Halifax in a tutu you know
you're gonna win two pairs of boots
right yeah for you giving the second
pair of boots to my mom your mom knows
what you're willing to do right are you
still willing to do that well you look
great right feel it you're challenged
until he weighs at least $10
a lot of chicken Peters telepath
honey
Jamie special moves
all right you're killing it out here but
not in a good way we have a song for you
to sing okay it goes I want new boots I
want news I want new pill
Challenge yes hang to dance there was
some buried chickens that came out and
surprise you
she got pretty embarrassing yeah it was
pretty funny
okay so add comments here are your
limited edition pillow boots from cougar
there for you and care for your mom so
here you go thank you and want you sit
down is my pair on me they're so
gorgeous
go to my school wouldn't give me a
border